Now finally, we're on the topic of actually sending our logs into our full stack.
The primary means of doing this is with Logstash,
but let's just take a brief sojourn into Kabana.
Kabana has really been improved over this past, not even that long.
So we can go straight to our IP address and because of our engine X proxy,
it takes us straight into Kabana without us having to
type an extra port number or anything like that.
So the interface has really been upgraded significantly I feel like.
We have all these canned box to solutions that they present to us right on our homepage.
So let's click on under Logging, "Add log data."
We see here all of the types of logs that it works with,
which is truly quite impressive.
But we're concerned primarily with Logstash at this exact moment.
So we're going to click on that.
We see here that we actually have support for four different operating systems,
everything from Mac, to Windows,
to Debian, and Red Hat.
So Debian also covers Ubuntu,
Ubuntu is a Debian based operating system.
Red Hat also covers CentOS,
and the main suite of it is for the paid version which is with all the Red Hat.
But CentOS is the free and open source version of Red Hat.
So this is just like a huge leap forward for open-source.
So we're going to start with setting it up on just locally on our VM that we have here.
But as a next step I think setting up from your computer to
go into here is actually pretty cool and can
bring home some of the points of how this technology works.
So let's go ahead and just take a look at the configuration file for
file beat because we specifically want to check the authentication.
Right here we see for the output for elastic search,
we specify the hosts,
and in this case we're running the elastic pushing of logs from the same host.
So we're just talking to local host and we're specifying our username.
The default one is elastic and then we set a password.
Great. So let's go ahead and just start file beat.
We're going to switch back to Kabana,
and we're going to come into our discovery place.
This gives a drop down and we're just going to select,
I saw a file beat here.
We're going to change the time period two this week,
which is a pretty broad spectrum here.
We can see here just all of the capability that we have built into Elastic Search,
which is being able to work with a huge number of fields.
You're not limited it's really just based on what it detects built into these logs.
So that in a nutshell is what we get with Kabana and Logstash.
Great, let's move on.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6